Stefan Georgi  0:44  
What's Tyler yo How you doing? I'm good. I'm good. How are you good? Man, just doing some like some vibe coding, so now I feel super cool.

Unknown Speaker  1:00  
Nice. So, I mean, I've got like, a few like questions and stuff, I guess I'll just say, shoot them out. Okay. I just wanted to, like, kind of, like, get your advice on, like, firstly, how to like, like, come up with like new ideas to test for like creatives, so maybe I can give like, a bit of background on, like, what we're doing right now. So, like, the way I set it up is so that, so basically I sell, like, Black Sea oil was like this, like, general, like, health supplement, right? So kind of it helps with, like, like, a ton of like issues, right? Like gut health, like hair loss, whatever, like a ton of issues. And so basically, the last time I talked to you, right, I we found, like, a winning VSL with, like, parasites, yeah, right. Since then, I did, like, you know, the test that you, you've you mentioned, and those actually, actually became winners, yeah? So I tested like the different hooks that you mentioned, and I tested like different stories, like different hooks and leads, yeah, but what pushed the account like, like more than doubled the account was when we found like a new angle regarding like, inflammation, right? So basically, now the way I have it set up is I have like a team that basically, like, all they do is just like swipe ads from all the big health competitors and like swipe ads from like Tiktok shop, and then just like, replace it with our product. So like, kind of just recreate the ad for our product, like spam or ads, right? And and it has like, different angles as well, right? So that's how we found that new angle. And then I have the main team, which basically we just make new ad concepts, I guess, for, like, whatever works. So that's how I've, I've, I've got it set up. So I think one thing that I'm thinking is like, what's, what's the mindset you usually have in, like, coming up with, like, new tests, like, are you just, like, coming up with like, random new ideas, like, off the top of your head, or,

Stefan Georgi  3:18  
yeah, I mean, it's, tough, and then, well, because it's like, how do we teach other people to do that as well, right? Because I might be good at, I mean, I'm really good at one of my absolute superpowers is just coming up with ideas. But it's like, how do you do that? You know, I did like this training a while back called, like, breakthrough ideas, and it's kind of like long, and it's never been, like, perfectly succinct, but it's like, the methodology actually works. And I'm not going to just the answers we'll talk about on this call too, but I would have team members maybe watch that one. I can find, like, links to it for you, because it is, like, actually pretty cool, and it does help, because there's sort of an idea of, like, how do you come up with new ideas and new big ideas and stuff like that, right? Um, and I think what you're doing, what's funny, like, what you guys are doing, from the context of your just swiping stuff that works, and other niches and like, that's kind of like, you know, a big part of it, like, what I mean by that is, essentially, I'm always trying to look at, how can I, like, how can I translocate an idea, right? Like, okay, this idea is interesting over here. Seems to be working over here. How do I apply it to my product, right? Like, so part of it is just doing that and just being like, and I, but the part, hard part to teach is like, how do you how do you see that? Where, if I look at, like, an ad for, like, a real estate course, I'm like, oh, that could go really well for black seed oil, right? Yeah. Um, and so I guess first of all, do we want to look at it from like, the angles we mentioned,

Unknown Speaker  4:51  
like, inflammation, for example, um, do we think like, is it like, like, that's sort of like, okay, here's something that black seed oil can help with. But I feel like you can get, like, a comprehensive list pretty easily. So is it more like that kind of stuff, or is it more like the hook, specifically, like, how do you come up, like, a compelling hook, or bring people in, oh, I got the idea off of of grounding well. So they basically, like, sell, like, like, grounding sheets. And then it was just, it was just, like, a, like, an old, like, black lady who looks like those, like holistic gurus. And then she's just saying, like, oh, actually, basically explaining how the root cause of, like, like, every disease is actually information, and you have to clear information. And then this is a really powerful sub natural plant that basically helps with information. And then we explain that the USB, like, why it's so powerful, and, yeah, it's like a three minute, yeah,

Stefan Georgi  5:47  
yeah. I mean so in that case, but like, I guess so, so with grounding, well, like me, yeah. So it's sort of like, what's like, the root cause of the pain point, I guess, isolate the

Unknown Speaker  6:03  
like, the result. So, like, what was that, like, I said, like, are you asking, like, what we we, what idea we took off the video?

Stefan Georgi  6:12  
Well, no, I'm trying to, what is this specific idea that, like, okay, so grounding. Well, okay, sorry, so you swipe from grounding wall. It was around, like, essentially. So, yeah, the idea was, what, basically, like, you know, your sheets are causing inflammation and stuff like that, or your electrons or things, or, you know, you're not, like, the static charges causing, like,

Unknown Speaker  6:30  
go ahead, basically, like a, like, a holistic doctor, basically saying, like, how most diseases are actually caused by inflammation. So, and then he gives you a solution for the information, which, in their case, is the grounding sheets, right? Yeah. So you're like,

Stefan Georgi  6:47  
most diseases are caught by inflammation. The solution is, like, black seed oil, right? Yeah, essentially, yeah, got you, um, yeah. I'll share a couple things that I don't know if they may or may not be helpful, because it's but let's just look at a few things, and we can kind of go from there and see, yeah, one thing that may be interesting that can give, like, a prompt or modified prompt. So this is, like, something I've been thinking about, like, how do I even think about green tea and watch? I know why there was, like, a Twitter thread, and, by the way, part of it's just, like curiosity and exposure. So it's like, like, podcasts, right? Like Cooper, Moon labs, like biohacking podcasts, things like that, right? Like, you can go get the transcripts and sort of, like, probably create a prompt. Like, tell me the most, I used to do it manually. But like, you know, what are a bunch of unique or surprising things, blah, blah, blah, right? Um, anyway, also like Twitter, things like that. So there's a Twitter thread about, you know, somebody's got the flu or the cold, they cough on you, you know, what do you do? And it was like, oh, like, swish, like, green tea in your mouth. Like, there's a state that shows, if you like, if you gargle and swish green tea for 30 seconds, it reduces the viral load by like, two thirds. And I'm like, that's super interesting, right? Never heard that before. I've heard plenty of benefits about green tea. And then I was like, Well, you know, might be interesting to do a product around green tea, because it's one of those things where everybody knows about green tea. It's popular in the US, but, like, you know, no one pushes it as, like a, maybe there's a D to C consumer brand of green tea. Maybe that's interesting. So still thinking about, maybe I would, I would do it right? So basically, this is like, a prompted perplexity, yeah, you know, I'm like, there's a lot of people have it. There's so many benefits. I don't know this has moment, right anyway, I kind of, I over explain. But I'm like, right now, I'm curious about the type of green tea. Well, another one big thing in DC marketing is differentiation. So I'm looking for is a valid scientific argument that goes, green tea is great for you. Most green tea you buy doesn't give you the benefits you think you're getting. Here's why, here's what makes great green tea actually work. Now I think, like, what's interesting is I get it because market is hyper aware of green tea, right? Everybody knows about green tea. So, like, not everybody knows about black seed oil, a lot of people do at this point, but, and I kind of gave it some examples, right? Like, like, the argument about turmeric being great, but you need black pepper or piperine or BioPerine, or like, x is great for you, but someone's just contained the stems and the flowers are what has all the nutrients. Or probiotics are great for you, but they never reach your gut and supplements because of stomach acid, but that's why spore biotics are so great. So I basically used a couple I did it in Gemini, chat, CBT, perplexity, deep research. And it actually was pretty interesting, right? Identified 10 validated angles, like first one is bioavailability. You know, EGCG, which is the main selling point, has a massive absorption problem. Only. Point 0.1, to 1.6% of it gets absorbed into your bloodstream, less than 20% of catechins survive digestion at all. This is your turmeric piperine moment, right? Like the pitch the science, right, destroyed by your gut. You can add these things to it, the food timing paradox, right? Green tea with food destroys absorption plasma. EGCG levels are three to five times higher technology stomach. So basically, it gave me a bunch of things that are actually interesting, not just for like, these are maybe more specific. But that was like, this is cool. There's a lot of stuff I can do with this, right? Like, don't drink green tea, you know, until you do this. Like, green tea helps, you know, it's like a super food, right? Like, not unless you take it this way. They're more direct, because we're talking about green tea. So I get, I get it. Like, you could obviously run as like, Well, have you heard of black seed oil? Like, doctors say it's great for you, but not so fast, right? Or something like that. Like so, but there is a bunch of interesting stuff here. It's gonna be more mechanism driven hooks and angles, probably, yeah, but yeah. And then chat, who can find it? I won't read you the whole thing, but basically, you know, chat had its list of things, which is sort of that, but, yeah, go ahead.

Unknown Speaker  10:46  
No, actually, that's how I found this product, because I was doing something like that for like, different, like, popular ingredients. And so basically I'm selling, what I'm selling is Ethiopian black seed oil. So because I saw, like, through my research, I saw that, oh, like, the potency of the Black Sea oil matters, right? And then I went to look up, like, more into it. Then they say that, okay, like, actually, like, Black Sea grown in, like, Ethiopia and stuff like that. Like, certain places where the conditions are better, they actually produce more of the active compound. So that's like, my whole marketing message like this, my whole like, unique selling point right now, yeah,

Stefan Georgi  11:25  
yeah, it makes sense. So what I might do is be, like, another variant of this would be like, you know, give me like, well, like 15 health challenges that high potency black seed oil. I could do Ethiopian two or two black seed oil is proven, like, to help with, include studies and citations, right? So like that. Like this will take a minute while we're doing it, but basically what I would do is get that and be like, like, I know this is annoying. How do you teach or codify this process? And one things I'm doing right now is I'm taking transcripts and using AI to try and codify them more. But like, you'll find a bunch of stuff. Like, you'll know about some of them, you won't know about others. But we're almost like, have people like your team doing things like this, maybe, and then they find the different pain points, and then be like, Okay, how many people suffer from these pain points? Okay? Like, you know, figure out that sort of the TAM or whatever for that specific pain point, okay, like, what are like, you know, 10 surprising like, the students, like, 10 surprising issues that the people are complaints that someone of this pain point has, right and like, I think that's a good way to do it. Because, I mean, if you go back to the grounding ball thing, it's like a bunch of, we like a bunch of we looked at yesterday, and it's like, neck tension, right? If I was doing, like, a grounding sheet, would I be like, neck tension is the number one thing I'm going after. Like, no, right? Yeah. But yeah, we don't have to, like, wait for that, to answer it. But, like, that's sort of a big part of it. The other thing I like to do again, part of it looking in podcast transcripts. Go find, like, 1015, sort of, like, bio hacker podcast, type of things, or science podcast or whatever. And just be, like, pulling transcripts, and then, like, basically, look for, like, you know, what are 10 surprising, like, health claims, or 20 surprising health claims that got made here? Like, what are, you know, stuff like that. Must it be? Must it be about Black Sea oil, like those, like or, like, just any podcast, um, as far as so which podcast I would, I would choose,

Unknown Speaker  13:30  
yeah, is it about Black Sea oil specifically? Or no,

Stefan Georgi  13:34  
I don't think so, right? Because, I mean, what you really find? I think one, one loop, right? Essentially, black seed Oil's anti inflammatory, right? And so an inflammation is like the root of like everything. So basically, you can sell black seed oil for pretty much everything. And I would assume there's a good amount of like studies anyway, where, like, if you find, if not black seed oil, then like the active compound. There's probably a study saying that helps with literally, like, every ailment on the planet, right? Seriously, so you can always just tie it into like anything. And so doesn't know the podcast have to even mention black seed oil. It's just like pain points and like surprising things, or, like, whatever, right, like surprising physiological mechanisms of the body, surprising pain points, surprising health discoveries, surprising like, things like that. And just like, essentially, you know, have the like, take the transcripts, have aI sort of, like, use a filter and pull them out, right? Yeah, that makes sense, yeah. And then the other thing, I mean, I would maybe look at, I've always done this over the years, like, I've always got a lot of ideas from science daily.com, still, you know, like, I just think there's, like, usually, like, these are, there's always, like, the homepage, but like, you'll just find, like a sweet fruit is packed up in health compounds. So I just found the brain within makes your body feel like yours, mysterious source of mysterious intoxication. That's kind of interesting. And basically, again, you just have to be curious when you go through and of course, you could search for like terms. You can go to categories. But you'll almost always if like the person like the one of the biggest challenges on the team side is that you want people who can, like, sort of copy and paste and like SOP do this be mechanical, right, essentially. But you also need that creative strategist, or that person who, like, is really curious and can think outside the box. That's such a hard skill to train for. But like, you can just find weird things and be like, Oh, this is weird. I wonder how it would work for, you know, like, like, even be like, dude, like, anti like, you know how? Like, like, anti biotics, like, destroy your gut. Like, you know, like, there's probably something like, there about, you're messing this would be a good hook. But like, how black seed oil sort of protects gut bacteria or something like that, right? Sort of, like, like, this woman took, like, you know, antibiotics like 47 times, and doctors were shocked to see that her gut was perfectly healthy. Why it wasn't pro biotics, right? It was actually like this black oil she got from Ethiopia, you know, I mean, thought about but like, you have to, I can do that really fast, because I've been doing it for years, but you need somebody who can, like that part, it's just hard to train, and that's what that breakthrough idea thing tries to help. Yeah, I don't know, I don't know if that's helpful or not from being helpful. See, we haven't recording,

Unknown Speaker  16:16  
but, yeah, that makes sense. That makes it makes sense. So, I mean, for you, like, I mean for your like, teams and all, how do you kind of like structure, do you kind of like, try to impart this, or do you have, like, people who are just, like, pretty mechanical, like, how does that look like for

Stefan Georgi  16:31  
you? Yeah, it's both. I mean, I to be honest with you. I mean, it's an ongoing challenge because, like, Yeah, I'm so good at it that it's hard to find people who are also good at I mean, really, just trying to hire for those people. You're right now, if get thin, like, we have our media buying agency, so currently not doing like, a ton of it, but in the past, like, again, I would make them watch that breakthrough ideas training. I would make them, like, study stuff around, like, how there's, like, a technique for producing ideas, or some other books and things about idea generation creation, and then I'm generally trying to create, like, AI processes, like, I've done things in the past. Frankly, we could probably update with some new hook and angle ones. I can work on that and build that for, yeah, for our pro members. But the breakthrough idea thing is good because, again, like, it sort of, there's a good criteria, like, is it easily understandable? Is it like, there's a virality to it, right? Like, if I hear it, do I think, like, oh shit. Like, that's crazy. I'm gonna go tell my friends about it so I sound smart, right? There's sort of, that's all in that training and stuff. So I can, I can link you to it, and I would have them watch it, but yeah, other than that, like, I mean, probably AI processes. And then the goal would be, they use AI, but then, because they're experienced or smarter creative, they can look like the real magic is, if the AI gives me 10 hooks or 20 hooks, or 30 hooks or angles, they go, Oh, that's pretty good. But if I did this, it would be five times better, right? Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  18:06  
Wait, so do you? Are you? Are you the one making most of the ads, like right now for, like, your brand, not right now?

Stefan Georgi  18:12  
Forget then, every now and then, I'll do an ad if I have an idea. But like, right now our agency is, but that's again, why I kind of want to, like, I might start that green tea thing or something, because I do, like having a creative outlet. Because, like, I mean, I definitely have over the years, but like, right now for GOP ones or agencies running it, and, like, the CPAs are good enough. So like, I just, I'm not, but I I just, I just, like not having that data. I get the data from our members and, you know, helping and advising. But like, yeah, okay, all right, makes sense. Um, also, typically, how do you what split do you do for like, okay, let's say, like, inflammation and parasites are working now, right? So how, what percentage of s you think I should be focusing on, like, the winning stuff and like, what percentage I focus on, like, testing new angles and like, whatever I mean, back of napkin, like 8020 probably okay. I would say, like, you know, I until I hit like a ceiling on that working angle, I would just keep doing what's working, but I feel like I'm hitting like a ceiling or whatever. It starts to fatigue, then I need to find another angle. So I think 8020 is a pretty good mix. Yeah, okay, what are you doing now? Is how you're doing now? Right now I'm doing is probably, like, 6040, I guess. Okay, yeah, it's not the end of the road, though. It's like, you know if you're still scaling, and the 60% is good. But, yeah, it depends. I mean, how many angles can you how many times can you talk about parasites in a different way? I mean, kind of a lot like visually or different lines, but I get it, you know,

Unknown Speaker  19:51  
yeah, yeah. And also, because we've got that team, just like, ripping whatever the ADC works well. I mean, if you go to all the health brands and see, like, their top bits, then we just, like, copy and paste them. Yeah, totally,

Stefan Georgi  20:04  
yeah. So it's telling Billy to do, right? I mean, Billy, like, I was like, he kept, like, trying to reinvent the wheel and the create all this shit. And I'm like, bro, like, literally just swipe. Like, when I had a Bentley, like, I my Bentley flying Spore, like, my license plate was like, fucking swipe. And it was because I'm like, right, yeah. It's like, to swipe

Unknown Speaker  20:20  
shit. Yeah, yeah. Wait, so right now, you guys are using an agency, and you guys, you're not building like in house like creative teams, is it

Stefan Georgi  20:31  
we have an in house team, an in house creative team. But I mean, just right now, we're not leveraging a ton. We're doing like, just like Google stuff like, basically Google, like, display a static of things like P, Max or whatever. But, um, basically, yeah, I mean, sky is sky. House is Jason katashi, who I've ran with for like, 15 years on different stuff. And, you know, we, at some point, also awesome, get thin right now. Like, we're, like, literally, Angela and quality, the co founder at the JP Morgan healthcare conference and talking with investors and all this kind of stuff and potential acquires. But we basically ran, you know, aggressively last year, and we're spending, you know, 3, $4 million a month or whatever, like on meta and stuff like that right now because we haven't gotten an offer to buy the company yet. We've had lots of interested people, but we're just planning to spend like, a million a month right now, and we'll actually still have 3% month over month growth because of, like, our compounding customers and all that stuff, and our eBay will be between 13 to 17 and a half million dollars for the year. So it's like, pretty good. And so that's basically because we're not when we were really specifically managing for those metrics right now. Like, I just don't have, like, the financial, like the budget to, like, go on creative adventures as much as I want with Gethin. But again, that's actually driving me crazy, which is why I'm probably gonna start with a side brand or something. You know what I mean, I seem like, because you're trying to exit, right? Yeah, yeah, nice. I try to exit, and if I don't exit, then I want to make money, because we kept reinvesting into growth, right for last year. So we weren't, like, taking distribute. We took, like, you know, a million bucks in, like, March or April, and, like, a couple times, for the most part, a lot must. We didn't take distributions and whatever, and so it this is kind of, we have enough recurring now that's at the best of both roads. So it's like, we can grow, you know, a compounded rate of 36% but still make, like, 13 to $17 million depending on the CPA, you know, the average CAC, but because of the growth, we could still potentially sell. So, like, I don't know, sort of like what we're doing with it, which is, again, pros and cons, but you know, you don't want the business to, like, people stop buying GOP ones, or they all take the pill or whatever. And you ran it, and did, you know, 100 million plus in revenue over a couple years, and then you like, didn't make any money from it, you know?

Unknown Speaker  22:59  
Yeah, yeah, that's true, by way, for like, subscriptions and like LTV stuff. Like, should I speak to like, Angela and yeah,

Stefan Georgi  23:07  
Angeles is going to be the best person her calendar will get added in the next few days. I mean, obviously I'm happy to give high level stuff, and I'm actually going to create some SOPs. Like, I don't know if you saw I just put on the WhatsApp channel, but like, I but like, it's like, I basically created this thing with, let me show you really quick, because it's kind of cool. Where the hell is it? Basically, I vibe, coded this tool right where I took like, 137 call transcripts for get thin and essentially like, so I literally can be like, You know what? Decisions were made about refunds. It basically pulls from the transcripts and tells me, you know, here's the decisions that were made. And I'm like, All right, great. Create into an SOP, and it creates, like, an SOP. And so I'm going to do stuff like that for like retention and things like from based on our not just transcripts, but also slack conversations. And then I'll like, so that'll help our members. I think it'll be really solid, Mr. Angel. But as far as the call goes, yeah, we'll chat with her about it. Yeah, Okay, nice. I think that's basically my questions. Okay, I'll work on again. I'll work on some more specifics. I like, I like, look at the breakthrough idea. Thing is actually pretty cool. I can send you a link to it, and then I'll, like work on some updated things for angles and hooks, because I think it'd be valuable. But, yeah, I don't know. Hopefully that at least gets the wheels turning a little bit. But like, if let me know you need, if you need to help try to codify a process for more angles and hooks, I can, I'll kind of work on that, because I think that could be valuable. Yeah, for sure. Yeah, sounds good, yeah. All right, cool. I will do it. By the way, everyone's sharing my screen super fast, just so you can see what I was talking about. Because, yeah, so it's literally just like, it's got like, all the transcripts, right? And then it basically, you know what decisions were made. And it basically pulls like from like the transcripts to show like, what was made, as far as all the decisions, and then I sort of, like, create an SOP for stakeholders, yeah, like, it literally, like, creates the SOP. It's pretty cool. And then I'm gonna add, like, Slack conversations and stuff like that too, and like things. So it's kind of neat, right? And actually, by the way, with these one on one calls, and we do the same thing where it won't be able to, I'm not sure, it doesn't pull any of our members personal data, but as we talk through it. If I'm giving advice, or there's themes or patterns or like, things I'm saying, right? We can turn SOPs, like from that too. It's kind of dope. Yeah, this is cool. Is that what you're working on right now? I mean, yeah, but say in like, 75 minutes, it's pretty wild, actually, that's cool. Yeah, yeah, all right, cool, man. Well, yeah, keep me posted. I'll let you know when Angela's calendar is integrated, and then I will do some, take some time on the angles and hook stuff, because I think, you know, I hope I always love solving that and pushing the envelope. So I'll find some some cool things for that. All right, cool. All right. Thanks so

Unknown Speaker  25:56  
much for this call, man. My pleasure. Todd. Bye.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
